Add jaguar-document-store.md (#117)
deepset-ai/haystack-integrations: integrations/jaguar-document-store.md

create an indexing pipeline to load documents into the store.

#### Write Documents

```python
from haystack.dataclasses import Document

doc1 = Document(
    content="Return of King Lear",
    embedding=[0.9, 0.1, 0.4],
)

doc2 = Document(
    content="Slow Clouds",
    embedding=[0.4, 0.2, 0.8],
)

doc3 = Document(
    content="Green Machine",
    embedding=[0.1, 0.7, 0.5],
)

docs = [doc1, doc2, doc3]
document_store.write_documents(documents=docs)

```

#### Indexing Pipeline

```python
from haystack import Pipeline
from haystack.components.file_converters import TextFileToDocument
from haystack.components.writers import DocumentWriter

indexing = Pipeline()
indexing.add_component("converter", TextFileToDocument())
indexing.add_component("writer", DocumentWriter(document_store))
indexing.connect("converter", "writer")
indexing.run({"converter": {"paths": file_paths}})

```

### Using Jaguar in a Query Pipeline

Once you saved documents in your `JaguarDocumentStore`, you can use a Haystack pipeline for query.

```python
from haystack import Pipeline
from haystack.components.embedders import SentenceTransformersTextEmbedder

> from jaguar_haystack import JaguarEmbeddingRetriever

Author: @bilgeyucel Good catch, this is updated.

query_pipeline = Pipeline()
query_pipeline.add_component("text_embedder", SentenceTransformersTextEmbedder())

> query_pipeline.add_component("retriever", JaguarEmbeddingRetriever(document_store=document_store))

Author: @bilgeyucel It is an typo and actually a Dict. It has been corrected and the pushed, Also the package "jaguar-haystack" is updated. You can "pip install -U jaguar-haystack" to have it updated on your platform. Thanks!

> query_pipeline.add_component("retriever", JaguarEmbeddingRetriever(document_store=document_store))

Reviewer: The same line now throws this error:
```shell
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/Users/bilgeyucel/Documents/side-projects/jaguar-haystack/test.py", line 63, in <module>
    query_pipeline.add_component("retriever", JaguarEmbeddingRetriever(document_store=document_store))
                                              ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
TypeError: JaguarEmbeddingRetriever.__init__() missing 6 required positional arguments: 'pod', 'store', 'vector_index', 'vector_type', 'vector_dimension', and 'url'
```
'pod', 'store', 'vector_index', 'vector_type', 'vector_dimension', and 'url' infos are already provided at initialization of `document_store`. Do I need to pass them again? 

Also, could you please make sure that the given codes on this page work without any errors before we move forward?

> query_pipeline.add_component("retriever", JaguarEmbeddingRetriever(document_store=document_store))

Author: @bilgeyucel sorry for that. There was differences between v1 and v2 and we had problems running the example. Now the jaguar-haystack is updated please update on your side. Now we still have issue:

from haystack import default_to_dict, default_from_dict
ImportError: cannot import name 'default_to_dict' from 'haystack' 

Are you aware of what might be causing this? Anyway, you could try one more time on your side.

For details on the available methods and parameters of the `JaguarDocumentStore`, check out [Documentation](http://www.jaguardb.com/support.html)

## Installation

```bash
docker pull jaguardb/jaguardb_with_http
docker run -d -p 8888:8888 -p 8080:8080 --name jaguardb_with_http  jaguardb/jaguardb_with_http
pip install -U jaguar-haystack
pip install -U jaguardb-http-client
```

## Usage

To use Jaguar as your data storage for your Haystack LLM pipelines, you should set it up running. Then, you can make a `JaguarDocumentStore`:

```python
from haystack_integrations.document_stores.jaguar import JaguarDocumentStore

url = "http://127.0.0.1:8080/fwww/"
pod = "vdb"
store = "haystack_test_store"
vector_index = "v"
vector_type = "cosine_fraction_float"
vector_dimension = 1536
document_store = JaguarDocumentStore(
    pod,
    store,
    vector_index,
    vector_type,
    vector_dimension,
    url,
)
```

### Writing Documents to JaguarDocumentStore

To write documents to your `JaguarDocumentStore`, you can use the `write_documents()` function or
create an indexing pipeline to load documents into the store.

#### Write Documents

```python

> from haystack.dataclasses import Document

Reviewer: This code snippet raises this error
```
E0005 error run(textcol vdb.haystack_test_store.v)
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/Users/bilgeyucel/Desktop/deepset/haystack-cookbook/test.py", line 35, in <module>
    document_store.write_documents(documents=docs)
  File "/Library/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/jaguar_haystack/jaguar.py", line 124, in write_documents
    zid = self.add_text(text, embedding, metadata, **kwargs)
          ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/Library/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.11/lib/python3.11/site-packages/jaguar_haystack/jaguar.py", line 257, in add_text
    textcol = js["data"]
              ~~^^^^^^^^
KeyError: 'data'
```

doc1 = Document(
    content="Return of King Lear",
    embedding=[0.9, 0.1, 0.4],
)

doc2 = Document(
    content="Slow Clouds",
    embedding=[0.4, 0.2, 0.8],
)

doc3 = Document(
    content="Green Machine",
    embedding=[0.1, 0.7, 0.5],
)

docs = [doc1, doc2, doc3]
document_store.write_documents(documents=docs)

```

#### Indexing Pipeline

```python
from haystack import Pipeline
from haystack.components.file_converters import TextFileToDocument
from haystack.components.writers import DocumentWriter

indexing = Pipeline()
indexing.add_component("converter", TextFileToDocument())
indexing.add_component("writer", DocumentWriter(document_store))
indexing.connect("converter", "writer")
indexing.run({"converter": {"paths": file_paths}})

```

### Using Jaguar in a Query Pipeline

Once you saved documents in your `JaguarDocumentStore`, you can use a Haystack pipeline for query.

```python

> from haystack.nodes import AnswerParser, EmbeddingRetriever, PromptNode, PromptTemplate
> 
> retriever = EmbeddingRetriever(document_store = document_store,
>                                embedding_model="sentence-transformers/multi-qa-mpnet-base-dot-v1")
> 
> prompt = """"Given the provided Documents, answer the Query. Make your answer detailed and long\n
>              Query: {query}\n
>              Documents: {join(documents)}
>              Answer: 
>          """
> prompt_template = PromptTemplate(prompt = prompt, output_parser=AnswerParser())
> prompt_node = PromptNode(model_name_or_path = "gpt-4",
>                          api_key = "YOUR_OPENAI_KEY",
>                          default_prompt_template = prompt_template)
> 
> query_pipeline = Pipeline()
> query_pipeline.add_node(component=retriever, name="Retriever", inputs=["Query"])
> query_pipeline.add_node(component=prompt_node, name="PromptNode", inputs=["Retriever"])
> 
> query_pipeline.run(query = "Where is the Bermuda Triangle? ", params={"Retriever" : {"top_k": 5}})

Reviewer: The showcased code is for Haystack 1.x, the Haystack 2.0 pipeline with JaguarEmbeddingRetriever should look like this 👇 
```suggestion
from haystack import Pipeline
from haystack.components.embedders import SentenceTransformersTextEmbedder
from jaguar_haystack import JaguarEmbeddingRetriever

query_pipeline = Pipeline()
query_pipeline.add_component("text_embedder", SentenceTransformersTextEmbedder())
query_pipeline.add_component("retriever", JaguarEmbeddingRetriever(document_store=document_store))
query_pipeline.connect("text_embedder.embedding", "retriever.query_embedding")

query = "Where is the Bermuda Triangle?"
result = query_pipeline.run({"text_embedder":{"text": query}})
```
